Add integrations 0.16.2 rule docs (#1922)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/prebuilt-rules/downloadable-packages/0-16-2/prebuilt-rule-0-16-2-rdp-enabled-via-registry.asciidoc

[[prebuilt-rule-0-16-2-rdp-enabled-via-registry]]
=== RDP Enabled via Registry

> Identifies registry write modifications to enable Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) access. This could be indicative of adversary lateral movement preparation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifies registry write modifications to enable Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) access. This could be indicative of an adversary preparing for lateral movement.
```
